From v1.1.3 to v1.1.4
Coreected error where Gorilla crashes when changing StepMania/DWI directory

From v1.02 to v1.1.3
Added several traps in common location to help isolate bugs reported by users
Added help
Added more tooltips
Added popup message to config page (on first run) if DM and SM/DWI are discovered.

From v1.0.1 to v1.0.2
Added some error traps
fixed "runtime error 13" by swapping "." for local's decmal separator.

From v1.0.0 to v1.0.1
added drag-and-drop of gorilla job list to ADD to current job list
added drag-and-drop of songs, direcotires and/or job lists to gorilla.exe
associated .gor files with gorilla.
double-click on a directory in main page expands directory
save-on-exit only offered when songlist has been changed.
Added Bulk Change button and form. Redo all OK sets turbo, redo all failed sets custonize and confidence=0, also allows removing al exapnded diectories
Added minimize button to busy screen. CLose button mimics "abort now" button
added double-click on scanned directoireds (Marked [-----]) to remove all scanned directories from job list.
Load job lists pormpts to save curent job list if needed
Stopped gorilla attempting to handle bad file names (usually files with unicode names)
Changed "Add to SM" and "Add to DWI" to be default.
Corrected minor tab ordering issue


From v0.11.4 to v1.0.0
Fixed bug whre gorilla would pass "-x 1" to versions of DancingMonkeys brefore 1.05
Fixed bug crashing gorilla when only a directory is started then aborted.
added importer for v0.9.x, 0.10.x and 0.11.x files
Gorilla verifies config files are config files and not song files.
added "Loading..." dialoge when loading job lists.
Gorilla now cycles log files if they cannot be opened.
Changed "Add File" to "Add Song"
Gorilla verifies song files are song files and not config files.
DM, SM and DWI directories removed form song list files
Gorilla now always uses the same directory as the .exe for Settings.gor, never the "Start in" directory.
Any " in the custom (or default) credits are translated to ''. (Dos limitation)
Fixed bug that left "iew Log" visible after deleting last entry in list
Fixed bug that crashed gorilla if aborting song from loaded list.


From v0.11.3 to v0.11.4
Fix (another) Turbo detection bug
removed popup when Gorilla can't find DM to lower its priority. (It re-tries till it succeeds anyway)
Corrected [del] key to work on both del keys.
Fixed bug that caused gorilla to mis-interpret "," in log files.
Fixed bug that would  crash gorilla if a logfile contained only a number on a line.

From v0.11.2 to v0.11.3
Lower priority of DancingMonkeys

From v0.11.1 to v0.11.2
Addex "-x 1" to DM command to increase BPM accuracy.

From v0.11.0 to v0.11.1
Forced timers & ETA to correct format. (Old method only worked if system time format was 24hr)
made "Terminate current Song" button always visible.
Renamed "Terminate current Song" to "Stop Processing Now"
Forced confidence to 0 in turbo mode.
Stoped ETA from being in the past.
patched a bug that loaded the wrong song's settings when returning form busy page. (Even though the correct song was hilighted)
Added "View Log" context menu to processed songs in Busy page.

From v0.10.9 to 0.11.0
Gorilla will only process files already in output directory If explicitely added.
Optionally use BPM from existing stepfiles to speed up DM
Added backwards compatability to v0.10.x .gor files. (Gorilla v0.10.x still won't read v0.11.x files)
Added Timers to Busy screen for current and all songs
Added "Abort current song and loose what has been done so far" to busy screen after "stop after current" is pressed
Finally fixed stutter in wavey lines effect on busy page.
Added ETA to busy page. (Not accurate, but a fair guess)

From v0.10.8 to v0.10.9
Added more Tooltips.
Fixed bug that sometimes caused crashes when load is cancelled
Fixed bug where canceling load would lock all other buttons
Removed "File not saved" popup.
Prevent saving empty file list.
Removed "save on exit" prompt when job list is blank
Prevent Gorilla crashing when loading empty(moot) or corrupt .gor files
Initial load in new directory more robust.
Directories in Settings.gor validated at load time. Stops error 5 and 76 crashes on startup
Fixed bug that left "Go" enables when all songs in list are processed.


From v0.10.7 to v0.10.8
Removed tooltip text warning about sparce stepfiles in long songs (Fixed in DM)
Fixed bug causing Gorilla to crash when deleting last file
Stopped gorilla prompting to save empty job list.
Fixed bug causing gorilla to crash when canceling "Add directory"
Spelling error on config page fixed.
Corrected tooltip for Copy artwork

v0.10.7 - August 18, 2006 - Release with v1.04. (David Flink)

From v0.10.6 to v0.10.7:
Fixed Other bug when viewing log in certain circumstances. Renamed background file from background-bg.jpg to background.jpg. Do not overwrite pre-existing background/banner. Fixed bug that caused Gorilla to crash when minimized. Watched output during processing always at left edge. Stopped job list scrolling when clicking "Redo Job". When loading joblist or returning from early stop, job list is positioned at next to-do job. Stopped songlist from setting current song to top of list when deleting. Forced selected song to remain in the visible part of the songlist when scrolling. Added success and confirm dialog boxes when saving and overwriting, or on exit without save. Corrected handling of "cancel" when saving files.

From v0.10.5 to v0.10.6:
Fixed bug when viewing log in certain circumstances.

From v0.10.4 to v0.10.5:
Abort after current song renamed to Stop after current song. Stop after current song can be canceled with "Don't Stop" button. dm_log.txt needs to grow before assuming DM was successful. dm_log.txt now also scanned for "End Time" before assuming DM was successful. Minor change to (eventually) smooth "Wavy Lines" effect.

From v0.10.3 to v0.10.4:
Added both \bin\win32 and ..\bin\win32 to the DM search path. Changed DM failure detection to parsing dm_log.txt (old method was based on existence of song directory). Include dm_log.txt in "view log". Fixed bug where bad config file would lock almost all buttons on the main page. Fixed compatible verion detection when loading job lists. Fixed bug where "," in any file/directory name would cause Gorilla to think a saved job list was corrupt (without breaking compatability).

From v0.10.2 to v0.10.3:
Added rudimentary error handling when reading files. Prevented failure to copy background and banner files from crashing Gorilla. Prevented failure to copy from SM to DWI from crashing Gorilla.

From v0.10.1 to v0.10.2:
Fixed Tab order on Config page. added "Copy Artwork" to use Windows MediaPlayer artwork as song banner (SM only)

From v0.10.0 to v0.10.1:
"OK&Save" on config screen renamed to a large "OK". Minor screen layout change. All buttons return focus to job list. Changed wording in "wrong version" prompts. Exit button added. "View Log" button added when a song has been processed. Tab order fixed. Detection of compatible .gor files improved. Fixed minor bug where returning from "GO" didn't highlight the current song, but buttons still acted on it.

From v0.9.4b to v0.10.0:
Major code re-write and cleanup. <default> entry removed from song list. Defaults added to configuration screen. Parameters for individual song/directory not shown if it is set to default. Configuration and settings file format changed. Song list font changes to monospace. List maintains songs after processing, showing ok or failed (even if saved). Directories not removed from list when expanded, but flagged ---- Ability to "re-process" files (i.e. remove ok/failed flag). Delete on keypress partially added (Only works on keypad. VB's fault)-: Added buttons to reload defaults from settings.gor, or to reset defaults to "factory" settings. Delve rejects directories that match DM, SM or DWI directories.

v0.9.4beta - July 25, 2006 - Original release with v1.03. (David Flink)

From v0.9.4a to v0.9.4b:
Configure pannel annotated. Directories for DancingMonkeys, StepMania and DanceWithIntensity auto-detected. <default> settings now won't allow mutually exclusive options. Version of Dancing Monkies auto-detected (Blind accepted v1 not before v1.03)

From v0.9.4 to v0.9.4a:
Change screen layout. Added some Tooltips. Prevent window from becomming too narrower or short.

From v0.9.3 to v0.9.4:
Spelling more bugs in list handling. created installer

From 0.9.2 to v0.9.3:
Fixed bug when returning from busy screen to main pannel Removed rchtxt32.ocx dependancy Added OLE Drag-and-drop to job list. Improved directory selection pannel.

From v0.9.1b to v0.9.2:
Correct defaults restored after job completion/abort. Spelling. DM logs now all named and placed in <DancingMonkeys>\Output. Directories not created for failed stepfile generation. Added icon.

From v0.9.1 to v0.9.1b:
Unexpected directory change fixed.

From v0.9 to v0.9.1:
"Abort" on config page renamed to "Close". Directory processing corrected.

Version v0.9:
First Beta.